README.md, before:

# Vele Ndamulelo

**`Digital Craftsman (Developer)`**

I am a founder and part of a team, building web applications that solve real-world problems with a creative touch. My passion lies in addressing real-life challenges, learning new skills, and adding unique creativity to every project I undertake. My vision is to bring my projects to life, build trust with my audience and users, and consistently meet their needs.



---

### Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Java" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg"/>
<img align="left" alt="Spring" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Angular" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/angularjs/angularjs-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="NodeJS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Bash" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" />
<br />

#

### Latest Projects 




#

### 📊 Stats



<!-- ![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=ForrestKnight&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=4.5) -->

#
<!--
<details>
 <summary><h3> Vele's Coding Journey</h3></summary>
 My coding journey began with inspiration from the movie The Social Network. The concept of coding fascinated me—it seemed so cool that I decided to pursue a degree in computer science. Like many others, I started with web development. At the time, I had no grand motives; I was simply learning the ropes, with hopes of landing a job someday.
In 2024, I made a significant leap by dedicating my entire holiday to coding projects. It was a tough choice, sacrificing that time, but it was worth it to grow my skills and take steps toward my dream.
That dream is to build something truly meaningful—something that matters to people. I want to create a legacy that not only impacts the world but also supports my family and those I care about.
Currently, I’m working on projects with my team and diving into extensive research to refine my ideas. My focus is clear: to build a lasting legacy that brings value and solves real problems.
-->
[website]: https://velendamulelo.vercel.app/

Commit message:

Update README with clearer project description
Refined personal description for clarity and focus on usability.

README.md, after:

# Vele Ndamulelo

**`Digital Craftsman (Developer)`**

Founder working within a small team to design and build web applications that prioritize structure, clarity, and real-world usability.Focused on turning ambiguous problems into well-defined systems from early concepts to working software — with an emphasis on clean architecture and long-term maintainability.Actively developing skills across the stack while building products that earn trust by being reliable, explainable, and purposeful.



---

### Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Java" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg"/>
<img align="left" alt="Spring" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="TypeScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Angular" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/angularjs/angularjs-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="NodeJS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Bash" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" />
<br />

#

### Latest Projects 

#### https://github.com/Vele189/Continuum.git


#

### 📊 Stats



<!-- ![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=ForrestKnight&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=4.5) -->

#
<!--
<details>
 <summary><h3> Vele's Coding Journey</h3></summary>
 My coding journey began with inspiration from the movie The Social Network. The concept of coding fascinated me—it seemed so cool that I decided to pursue a degree in computer science. Like many others, I started with web development. At the time, I had no grand motives; I was simply learning the ropes, with hopes of landing a job someday.
In 2024, I made a significant leap by dedicating my entire holiday to coding projects. It was a tough choice, sacrificing that time, but it was worth it to grow my skills and take steps toward my dream.
That dream is to build something truly meaningful—something that matters to people. I want to create a legacy that not only impacts the world but also supports my family and those I care about.
Currently, I’m working on projects with my team and diving into extensive research to refine my ideas. My focus is clear: to build a lasting legacy that brings value and solves real problems.
-->
[website]: https://velendamulelo.vercel.app/
